welcome back to movietella
today i'm going to show you a 2019 3d
fantasy film titled maleficent mistress
of evil
the film opens in the moors
three men approach a tree where little
mushroom fairies are hiding
the man grabs for them and he manages to
get a few
they are stopped and attacked by a
creature with large horns
two of the men are killed by this
creature while one escapes with one of
the little mushroom fairies
he returns it to the kingdom of ulstead
for an unknown purpose
the narrator states that it has been
five years since maleficent became
guardian to princess aurora after
rescuing her from her father king stefan
but the story about maleficent has been
twisted to continue painting her as a
villain
in the present day aurora is queen of
the moors presiding over all magical
creatures
the fairies not grass thistle wit and
flittle come by to tell aurora something
along with a little porcupine fairy
called pinto
she steals aurora's crown and leads her
to chase after her only for aurora to
fall in the river
as she walks out she is met by prince
philip
aurora realizes what is going on and
philip proposes to her
she accepts to the delight of all the
fairies
however diaval overhears this and flies
over to tell maleficent
before he can finish his sentence a very
unhappy maleficent swoops down to go
find aurora
in ulstead philip rides with general
percival back to the kingdom
like most of the other people in ulstead
percival views maleficent and the more
folk as murderous monsters
philip goes to his parents king john and
queen ingrath to deliver the news that
aurora has accepted his proposal
they both congratulate him and they plan
on having both aurora and maleficent
present for dinner
we then see ingrith travel to a lower
level in the castle where she has
several workers forging weapons
she meets a servant of hers lickspittle
who is in the process of creating
something dangerous by using a
particular flower
it is also shown that ingrith is using
the cursed spindle as part of her plan
maleficent flies down to meet with
aurora
she openly voices her approval over the
engagement but aurora just wants
maleficent and phillips family to get
along
maleficent knows that she is not wanted
in ulstead but for aurora's sake she
promises to show up and behave
diaval helps her practice being polite
while aurora gives her a veil to cover
her horns so as to make the people in
the kingdom more comfortable
maleficent travels with aurora and
diaval into ulstead to meet john and
ingrath
things first seem wrong when ingrith
deliberately places iron silverware out
knowing full well how iron hurts fairies
ingrid starts to pile on by bringing up
maleficent's curse and the disappearance
of the men in the moors suggesting she
may have had something to do with it
the final straw comes when ingrith says
that aurora will now have a real mother
once she marries philip
maleficent rages out and spreads her
wings to intimidate everyone
when she demands to aurora that they
leave jon suddenly appears to fall ill
before fainting
ingrith makes everyone believe that
maleficent has cursed john but she
denies it to aurora
when aurora won't join her maleficent
flies away
ingrath has her henchwoman gird a fire
iron at maleficent causing her to fall
into the ocean
moments later a creature resembling her
swoops down and rescues her
john is laid in his bedroom
aurora and phillip suggest that ingrith
used true love's kiss on him to wake him
up
since she obviously doesn't love him and
us in fact the one who cursed him it
doesn't work
gerda then reports to ingrith about the
other creature that grabbed maleficent
maleficent wakes up to find her wound
tended to
she wanders and comes across a gathering
of other dark fairies including connell
the one who saved her
co-leader borah views the humans as the
enemy blaming them for the disappearance
of the fairies
they see maleficent and borah goes over
to mock her association with a human
this makes her mad enough to demonstrate
her power against borah which he
actually finds great as he thinks they
can use her power against the humans
connell then takes maleficent across the
land which is a hidden society of other
fairies that possess unique powers
connell also shows maleficent that she
has descended from a fairy phoenix but
her ancestor used her power for dark
purposes and was crystallized
he warns maleficent about using that
kind of power
pinto sneaks into the castle and finds
the mushroom fairy but she gets captured
by licks biddle and placed along with
the other stolen fairies
meanwhile aurora is staying in the
castle with ingrith pretending to be
loving toward her but it becomes clear
she is controlling as she prefers aurora
to wear her old wedding dress instead of
the one that the three fairies made for
her
lick spittle is then shown to have
completed ingrid's weapon
he shows her how it works the pieces of
the flower are mixed with iron powder to
turn it red and make it instantly lethal
to fairies
lake spittle grabs a poor dandelion
fairy and causes it to burst into dust
with the slightest touch of the powder
ingrath gets ready to use it and has
gerda demand the more folk to attend
aurora and phillips wedding
in the midst of a celebration maleficent
senses something is not right
she flies to the moors and finds that
ingrid's soldiers have taken the flowers
they have also ambushed her and fire
iron bullets at her but connell dives in
to save her wounding himself
the other fairies fight off the soldiers
and return to lake connell to rest
borah proclaims to the other fairies
that ingrath has initiated a war against
them and they will fight together as an
army
maleficent stays by connell's side as he
dies in which he transfers his essence
to her while he becomes part of the
earth
the more folk begin to arrive in the
kingdom for the ceremony
aurora then senses something from the
spot on her finger where she had been
pricked
she comes across ingrid's secret lair
and finds the spindle which allows her
to see that ingrith stabbed john with a
cursed end
she also discovers that lick spittle is
a pixie who was forced to work for
ingrith after she took his wings
finds aurora and has her guards imprison
her
ingrith has all the more folk locked
inside the chapel as girda begins to
release the red powder inside which
kills some of the tree folk
outside maleficent and bora lead the
other fairies to fight back but they're
hit with numerous powder bombs instantly
killing some of them and
forcing them to fall back
aurora tells philip what his mother has
done and when he learns the truth from
ingrith who shows no remorse philip
defies her and jumps off the tower
escaping on a balloon
borah swoops down and almost kills
percival when he attempts to strike
another fairy but philip intervenes
he tells borah he doesn't want his
mother's war and he refuses to have
fairy blood on his hands
maleficent witnesses this and realizes
philip can be trusted
she still goes after his mother and
faces her on the tower
meanwhile after one more tree creature
sacrifices himself to save the three
fairies flittle flies into the organ to
sacrifice herself causing her essence to
fill the organ with flowers that stop
the powder from spreading
not grass and thistle wit then fly in
gerta's face causing her to fall off the
balcony to her death
aurora runs up to stop maleficent from
killing ingrith saying she knows that
she is not as evil as they say she is
ingrith then fires an arrow at aurora
but maleficent takes the hit and
disintegrates
as aurora weeps ingrith tells her that
she is the one who spread the stories
about maleficent being evil as she
wanted to take control of the moors by
wiping out the creatures there
aurora's tears then caused maleficent to
regenerate into her powerful phoenix
form
she causes the nearby tower to collapse
and ingrith makes one last cowardly move
by throwing aurora off the tower
maleficent goes to save her and they
tumble across the ground
as ingrith tries to escape she is found
by borah and the other fairies
outside maleficent asks philip if he
truly loves aurora and he says he truly
does
maleficent gives her blessing and
lickspittle comes to give her the cursed
knife that ingrith used
maleficent breaks the curse causing the
spindle to disappear and for john to
wake up
ingrith is then dropped out of the
castle through vines before maleficent
turns her into a goat for her punishment
philip is happy to see his father again
and they both decide they'll wait to let
ingrath turn human again
aurora and philip are officially married
with maleficent walking her down the
aisle and the humans and fairies are
integrated into both kingdoms
not grass and thistle would argue over
what color aurora's dress should be
until a nearby flower turns it blue
implying that flittle might still be
alive
maleficent goes to rejoin the other
fairies as she bids the new couple
farewell but cheekily promises to be
back for their babies christening
the film ends with maleficent flying
away across the sky with the fairies
if you enjoyed this video subscribe so
you can watch more videos like this